magento/devdocs#: Describe changeCustomerPassword mutation errors (#5633)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/mutations/change-customer-password.md

{% include graphql/customer-output.md %}

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---

> `The current customer isn't authorized.` | Customer's token does not exists in the `oauth_token` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The current customer isn't authorized.` | The customer's token does not exist in the `oauth_token` table.
```

Author: **done**

> `Invalid login or password.` | Password specified in the `currentPassword` field is not valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Invalid login or password.` | The password specified in the `currentPassword` attribute is not valid.
```

> `Specify the "currentPassword" value.` | Password specified in the `currentPassword` field is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Specify the "currentPassword" value.` | The password specified in the `currentPassword` attribute is empty.
```

Author: **done**

> `Specify the "newPassword" value.` | Password specified in the `newPassword` field is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Specify the "newPassword" value.` | The password specified in the `newPassword` attribute is empty.
```

Author: **done**

> `The account is locked.` | Customer's account for whom the password change is being performed is locked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The account is locked.` | The customer's password cannot be changed because the account is locked.
```

Author: **done**
